Overdo last lectures you'll learn a lot about Engler.
Time to practice it.
Here's the same exercise you've solved in the view and the react genius module of course adjusted to
angler as a first task.
I want you to output an array of hobbies and provide some people hobby so that you can see something
right from the start.
The second task then requests you to add a new hobby button and the input there the user can introduce
new hobby.
You can of course check whether it's a valid value if it's empty or not.
That's totally up to you.
Then I want you to make the hobby's clickable so that we can remove them once we collect them so at
both to click listener and some logic to remove the hobby from the from the array.
You don't need to get as creative as antibiotic re-act Exxon-Mobile with folder and so on.
But again and yes just asm code which makes sure that hobby is gone.
Then I want you to add hubby delete that paragraph.
Which is only shown if at least one hobby was removed.
Again be creative on how to solve this problem then simply add a hobby counter paragraph or you output
the overall length of the array and then I want you to add some dynamic styles and classes to style
the hobby counter depending on wherever.
We have three or more hobbies.
Be creative about that you're totally free.
You can just use Angie's style as a hint or their respective directives for a change in class or mix
both however you want.
I will show you both in a solution.
Finally outsource your hobbies Cod's list items into a new component which you then repeat.
So that's your task.
Have fun with it and the solution with you will see my approach to solving this.